[candidate_parameters] Update test plan and README to include widgets (#6456)
aces/Loris: modules/candidate_parameters/README.md

to this module should be manually added to the script in order to be included 
in the DQT Demographics table. Alternatively, these modifications or additions can be 
added to a separate script that is then exported to the DQT.

> - The `candidate_parameters` module registers widgets in the `candidate_profile`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `candidate_parameters` module appears as a widget in the `candidate_profile`
```
in terms of describing how this is seen by both users and admins, describing how it pops up is probably more understandable than the architectural description that it "registers modules"
